what is up guys sneaking back here today
and today we have a box early release
box from kick so calm this year i think
is releasing in march and it will be
definitely high on people's lists so i'm
glad you're getting to see a good look
now with the sneaker as you can see
typical Jordan box right there um dr. 10
and a half as i will show you all right
focus camera template file i don't know
if y'all could see that but that's right
there um one of my favorite cake so all
time of course not just because of the
typical Bulls color but the UH he got
game movie set this sneaker off for me
one of the favorite movies of all time
if not my favorite movie of all time and
as you know Jesus and Jake wore this in
the movie and it's just been an iconic
sneaker ever since um great quality
sneaker from kick so people ask me all
the time what I think about the quality
and it's always top-notch I mean I don't
have anything to complain um this the
tumbled leather is really good leather
the suede right here feels great just a
couple glue okay you can kind of see
right there but I mean all in all it's a
Jordan you get what you get I mean the
iconic sneaker is always going to be
iconic um so let's start it off right
here you got Jordan right here on the
near the toe box which is black within
the tumbled leather with white leather
all there on the upper and then on the
other side as well and then you got
black running down the midsole this is
suede nub nubuck I mess it off so much
new block right here in suede with the
black tumbled leather like I said I'm
toe box got the a panther paw print on
the outsole um this is a signature
outsole
for the jordan 13 not only because is
design after but i just love it i mean
i'm there's not much just to say you got
the white hints with the black carbon
fiber and then a neon green jumpman
pretty good all over all sneaker oh the
quality this year is going to be i mean
like i said it's good enough I mean I
don't pay too much or complain too much
about the quality and I haven't even
taken sticker off here so um I mean I
like the cake I'll definitely rock them
oh and it's just a great pickup for me
for this year because I mean there's a
lot more coming out on it they'll seen
those red Jordan fours or anything else
releasing this year but I'm in Jordan
Rio not a lot of stuff that jordan 28 is
obviously a hot on the mortgage if you
probably saw it sold out which surprised
the crap out of me because I definitely
want that sneaker want to play in that
sneaker but uh yeah guys stay tuned for
more videos check out the link for kick
so calm in the description and also my
website its new king calm in the
description thank you guys for watching
stay tuned for more videos its new your
king peace kiss